# Interview Trial for Deonna & Rachel

```
Interviewer: Deonna
Job Title: Junior Web Developer
Date: 1/9/2017
```

## Question
Write the function 

findRepeat()
findRepeat('aaaa') => 'a'
findRepeat('ababab') => 'ab'
findRepeat('abcabc') => 'abc'
findRepeat('abcdef') => 'abcdef'
findRepeat('aaaaf') => 'aaaaf'

---


## Reflection

#### Pre Interview Reflection
I'm feeling entirely unprepared. First technical interview ever. Figure that it's better to rip the bandaid off and address my fears head on than wait. Practice makes better. My desired outcomes in a best case scenario  : 
- get the worst of the nervousness out of the way. 
- Orient myself to what a technical interview feels like.
- Get some reflections on how I come across.
- Know better what to study and expect as I go forward in interview prep.
- Tame the wild stomach butterflies. 

#### How do you think you did?
Wow, not good. I was ok at thinking through the problem and could create a working algorythm, but when it came time to write code on the board I started to panic and fell apart.

#### Which questions/aspects did you feel most comfortable with?
I was comfortable with talking through what I was doing as I was doing it. I was ok thinking through the problem.

#### Which questions/aspects were you least comfortable with?
Technical confidence. Having helpers memorized/not being able to google little things.

#### What areas do you think you need to focus on?
I'm going to start working through hacker rank and doing solutions on paper. I can't beleive how much coding on a white board made my feels come up!

---


## Evaluation

Rachel Ralston Mock Interview #1 Notes

-Good things: ES6 JS - syntax and initial algorithm were good. Communication excellent.
-Need to flesh out pseudocode steps more.
-Need to practice code recall outside of whiteboard format.
-Need more whiteboarding practice b/c during our post-mortem, whiteboarding was a trigger for her.

= vs. == vs. ===
-Review basic utility functions in the JS standard library (e.g., wanted to use 'filter', but wasn't sure if it took in a function or a value)
-Practice solving HackerRank problems and algorithmic thinking in general
-Camel case function names and verb-ify them
-Don't forget keywords when declaring variables (forgot to write const or let for a few declarations)