# Interview Trial for Deonna & Rachel

```
Interviewer: Deonna
Job Title: Junior Web Developer
Date: 1/9/2017
```

## Question
Solve: 

findRepeat()
findRepeat('aaaa') => 'a'
findRepeat('ababab') => 'ab'
findRepeat('abcabc') => 'abc'
findRepeat('abcdef') => 'abcdef'
findRepeat('aaaaf') => 'aaaaf'

---


## Reflection

#### Pre Interview Reflection
I'm feeling entirely unprepared. First technical interview ever. Figure that it's better to rip the bandaid off and address my fears head on than wait. Practice makes better. My desired outcomes in a best case scenario  : 
- get the worst of the nervousness out of the way. 
- Orient myself to what a technical interview feels like.
- Get some reflections on how I come across.
- Know better what to study and expect as I go forward in interview prep.
- Tame the wild stomach butterflies. 

#### How do you think you did?
Wow, not good. I was ok at thinking through the problem and could create a working algorythm, but when it came time to write code on the board I started to panic and fell apart.

#### Which questions/aspects did you feel most comfortable with?
I was comfortable with talking through what I was doing as I was doing it. I was ok thinking through the problem.

#### Which questions/aspects were you least comfortable with?
Technical confidence. Having helpers memorized/not being able to google little things.

#### What areas do you think you need to focus on?
I'm going to start working through hacker rank and doing solutions on paper. I can't beleive how much coding on a white board made my feels come up!


---


## Evaluation

```
Interviewer answers all questions inline below
```

Outcome:
- [ ] Hire
- [ ] No Hire
- [ ] Unsure

### Problem Solving

Some indicators of **professional** problem solving:
- Asks clarifying questions
- Decomposes problem into smaller pieces
- Makes hypotheses and tests them methodically

Some indicators of **amateur** problem solving:
- Doesn't ask clarifying questions
- Tries to tackle problem in one big piece
- Uses trial-and-error without direction or intentionality

#### What did they do well?

#### Where can they improve?

#### Other feedback / suggestions

### Communication

Some indicators of **professional** communication:
- Uses correct and precise technical terminology
- Employs visual aids (e.g. whiteboard, sketch paper) to convey ideas and designs
- Checks with interviewer for understanding and clarity
- Listens closely and carefully

Some indicators of **amateur** communication:
- Uses incorrect and/or vague technical terminology
- Talks for a long time without checking whether the interviewer is following
- Doesn't listen closely, makes assumptions without validating them

#### What did they do well?

#### Where can they improve?

#### Other feedback / suggestions

### Knowledge & Experience

Some indicators of **professional** knowledge & experience:
- Can reference real examples from past work
- Explains core concepts with fluency and clear understanding (e.g. "request/response cycle")

Some indicators of **amateur** knowledge & experience:
- Cannot give clear examples of or reference past work
- Explanations of core concepts are incorrect and/or sloppy

#### What did they do well?

#### Where can they improve?

#### Other feedback / suggestions

### Culture & Collaboration

Some indicators of **professional** culture & collaboration:
- Displays balanced confidence, holding their opinions firmly but flexibly
- Responds to feedback, even critical feedback, with eager curiosity
- Acts respectfully, but without being phony

Some indicators of **amateur** culture & collaboration:
- Becomes defensive when challenged or given critical feedback
- Acts disrespectfully towards interviewer
- Is disengaged and impersonal

#### What did they do well?

#### Where can they improve?

#### Other feedback / suggestions
